README.md, before:

# csharp-SimpleLibraries
Collection of small - single-".cs" libraries.

## Kirides.Events.EventAggregator

After having the need for a simple loosely coupled eventing system, and a little bit of boredom i decided to look up what it needs to create an simple EventAggregator implementation.

It ...
- supports any type of class for its payload (also supports primitive types)
- can unsubscribe via an ISubscriptionToken or via the callback you used while subscribing
- should be threadsafe
- can handle UI-Dispatching for WPF (System.Windows.Threading.Dispatcher) and Windows Forms (SychronizationContext, limited to thread on which the subscription was made)
- has no external dependencies (WindowsBase.dll for Windows Forms. But you can simply remove the depending part from the code.)
- build for .Net Framework 4+ (ConcurrentDictionary<K,T>)

```csharp
// IEventAggregator:
ISubscriptionToken Subscribe<TPayload>(Action<TPayload> callback);
ISubscriptionToken Subscribe<TPayload>(Action<TPayload> callback, ThreadOption threadOption);
void Publish<TPayload>() where TPayload : new();
void Publish<TPayload>(TPayload payload);
void Unsubscribe<TPayload>(Action<TPayload> callback);
void Unsubscribe(ISubscriptionToken token);

// ISubscriptionToken
void Dispose();
```

Credits to "user1548266" and "mike z" from StackOverflow  
- "user1548266" for having ask the question: "WeakReference is dead"  
- "mike z" for the implementation of the "Subscriber.Invoke<>"-Method.  
This part kept me going for days until i found out that the Compiler does funny stuff with the handed Callbacks.  

Reference: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20169296/weakreference-is-dead
----

Commit message:

Splitted Libraries to seperate Project (Kirides.Libs) - EventAggregator is now part of "Kirides.Libs.Events" - Project Changes: SimpleEventAggregator is now Example_EventAggregator
Readme.md changes:
- fixed misspelling of "built".
- corrected dependencies (it needs WindowsBase.dll and PresentationFramework.dll to build for WPF-Dispatcher support.)

README.md, after:

# csharp-SimpleLibraries
Collection of small - single-".cs" libraries.

## Kirides.Events.EventAggregator

After having the need for a simple loosely coupled eventing system, and a little bit of boredom i decided to look up what it needs to create an simple EventAggregator implementation.

It ...
- supports any type of class for its payload (also primitive types!)
- can unsubscribe via an ISubscriptionToken or via the callback you used while subscribing
- is threadsafe
- can handle UI-Dispatching for WPF (System.Windows.Threading.Dispatcher) and Windows Forms (SychronizationContext, limited to thread on which the subscription was made)
- has no external dependencies (WindowsBase.dll and PresentationFramework.dll for Dispatcher.)
- built for .Net Framework 4+ (ConcurrentDictionary<K,T>)

```csharp
// IEventAggregator:
ISubscriptionToken Subscribe<TPayload>(Action<TPayload> callback);
ISubscriptionToken Subscribe<TPayload>(Action<TPayload> callback, ThreadOption threadOption);
void Publish<TPayload>() where TPayload : new();
void Publish<TPayload>(TPayload payload);
void Unsubscribe<TPayload>(Action<TPayload> callback);
void Unsubscribe(ISubscriptionToken token);

// ISubscriptionToken
void Dispose();
```

Credits to "user1548266" and "mike z" from StackOverflow  
- "user1548266" for having ask the question: "WeakReference is dead"  
- "mike z" for the implementation of the "Subscriber.Invoke<>"-Method.  
This part kept me going for days until i found out that the Compiler does funny stuff with the handed Callbacks.  

Reference: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20169296/weakreference-is-dead
----
